Use Case 4 ...
------------------------------------------
Use Case 5: Filter what is being searched for
Description: User has typed in a query and wants to filter the results for the search
Primary Actor
	A researcher or programmer interested in a GitHub repository
Stakeholders
	The searcher ¬- Needs accurate, fast results
	The people the searcher is searching on behalf of (ex: their team)
Preconditions
	The user has the URL of a Github repository of interest and a query in mind
Success Guarantee
	Results are filtered based on the options (filters) the user selected
Main Success Scenario
	1. The user inputs the URL of the desired GitHub repository 
	2. The user types in the query
	3. The user selects filters to show results by (ex: show only commits from the past week or by X contributor)
	4. After clicking submit, the system finds all results for the query matching both the keyword and filters. 
	5. The system displays these results to the user 
	
Extensions
	4a. The repository doesn’t exist:
		1 . The user inputs the URL of the desired Github repository
		2. The user then inputs a query.
		3. After clicking submit, the system attempts to search the repository, but fails due to 			    the repository not being found.
		4. The system generates an error and displays it to the user
	
	4b. No results were found:
		1 . The user inputs the url of the desired Github repository
		2. The user then inputs a query
		3. After clicking submit, the system attempts to search the repository
		but does not find any results
		4. The system generates an error and displays it to the user	
			4a. The system suggest alternate search filters based on what it did find
	
Special Requirements: 
	-Results must be returned quickly and there should be a variety of relevant filters 
	-Filters should not make the screen looked cluttered and difficult for mobile browser users

Technology and Data Variation List
	3a. Filtering may be done in a few ways, but chiefly either by filtering as it searches or first finding all the textual matches, then filtering 
	3a. Filtering may be done in JavaScript, PHP, or other applicable languages 
	4a. Searching may use JavaScript, PHP, or other applicable languages.
¬	4b. Searching may be done for a query string or keywords 

Frequency of Occurrence
	
Use Case 6: Filter what is being searched for
	Enable/disable suggested search terms based on history

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Use Case 9...
